`plugin` MLFlow (#945)
DAGWorks-Inc/hamilton: examples/mlflow/README.md

# MLFLow plugin for Hamilton

[MLFlow](https://mlflow.org/) is an open-source Python framework for experiment tracking. It allows data science teams to store results, artifacts (machine learning models, figures, tables), and metadata in a principled way when executing data pipelines.

The MLFlow plugin for Hamilton includes two sets of features:
- Save and load machine learning models with the `MLFlowModelSaver` and `MLFlowModelLoader` materializers
- Automatically track data pipeline results in MLFlow with the `MLFlowTracker`.

> This pairs nicely with the `HamiltonTracker` and the [Hamilton UI](https://hamilton.dagworks.io/en/latest/hamilton-ui/ui/) which gives you execution observability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This pairs nicely with the `HamiltonTracker` and the [Hamilton UI](https://hamilton.dagworks.io/en/latest/hamilton-ui/ui/) which gives a better way to explore your code and understand assets/attributes produced, as well as execution observability.
```

> We're looking forward to better link Hamilton "projects" with MLFlow "experiments" and runs from both projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're looking forward to the better linking of Hamilton "projects" with MLFlow "experiments" and runs from both projects.
```

## Instructions
1. Create a virtual environment and activate it
    ```console
    python -m venv venv && . venv/bin/active
    ```

2. Install requirements for the Hamilton code
    ```console
    pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```

3. Explore the notebook `tutorial.ipynb`

4. Launch the MLFlow user interface to explore results
    ```console

>     mlflow ui

Reviewer: doesn't MLFlow need to be running first before the notebook?

Author: Nope. It stores artifacts in metadata files that the UI server then reads (similar to my `ExperimentTracker`)
